  _
 {_}
 |(|
 |=|
/   \
|.--|
||  |
||  |    .    ' .
|'--|  '     \~~~/
'-=-' \~~~/   \_/
       \_/     Y
        Y     _|_
jgs    _|_
It's the Third Sunday in March and the menu is: 




Menu

          OYSTER COCKTAILS IN GRAPE FRUIT

          PLANKED WHITEFISH

          MASHED POTATOES      FRICASSEED TOMATOES

          BUTTERED BEETS

          ALABAMA SALAD

          RAISIN PIE      EDAM CHEESE

          BOILED COFFEE

       *       *       *       *       *

OYSTER COCKTAIL IN GRAPE FRUIT

Prepare the grape fruit in the usual way. Chill; just before serving
place five Blue Point oysters in the cavity made by removing the tough
portions in each half grape fruit. Season with lemon juice, salt,
paprika and one or two drops of Tobasco sauce. Serve on beds of shaved
ice. Garnish with foliage.


PLANKED WHITEFISH

Clean and split a three-pound whitefish. Lay, skin side down, on a hot,
well-greased oak plank (one and one-half inches thick and two or more
inches longer and wider than the fish). Brush fish over with soft butter
and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Surround fish with a border of coarse
salt to prevent plank from burning. Bake twenty-five minutes in a hot
oven, or place plank on broiler and broil twenty minutes under the gas
flame. Remove to table covered with a sheet of brown paper, scrape off
salt, wipe the edges of plank with a piece of cheese cloth wrung from
hot water; spread fish with Maitre d'Hotel Butter; surround with a
border made of hot mashed potato, passing it through pastry bag and rose
tube. Garnish with sprays of parsley and sliced lemon. Serve
immediately.


FRICASSEED TOMATOES

Select firm, not over-ripe tomatoes. Cut in halves crosswise. Sprinkle
with salt, pepper and a grating of onion; dredge with flour and saute in
melted butter; brown first on cut side, then turn and finish cooking on
the other. When soft, but not broken, pour over thin cream to almost
cover. Let simmer until cream is slightly thickened. Remove to hot
serving dish and pour cream around.


ALABAMA SALAD

Cut the hearts of celery in one-fourth inch pieces, there should be two
cups. Add one cup of Alabama pecan nut meats broken in quarters and one
cup white cabbage cut in very fine shreds. Moisten with Cream Dressing.
Serve on a bed of cress.

CREAM DRESSING

          3 hard cooked egg yolks.
          1 teaspoon salt.
          Few grains cayenne.
          1 teaspoon mustard.
          2 tablespoons vinegar.
          Few drops onion juice or
          1 teaspoon finely chopped chives.
          1-1/2 cups thick cream.

PROCESS: Mash and rub the egg yolks through a sieve, add seasonings
(except cayenne), then vinegar and chives. Whip cream until stiff, and
add a little at a time to first mixture, beating constantly. When all is
used, sprinkle in a few grains cayenne or paprika.


RAISIN PIE

          1-1/2 cups seeded raisins cut in halves.
          1/2 cup sugar.
          2 tablespoons flour.
          2 tablespoons butter.
          Juice and grated rind 1 lemon.
          1 cup water in which raisins were cooked.
          Few grains salt.

_Process_: Cook raisins in boiling water to cover, until tender, drain,
and mix with sugar, grated rind, flour and salt. Cool slightly. Turn
into pie-pan lined with Plain Paste, dot over with butter and pour over
water. Cover with top crust made of Rich Paste and bake thirty minutes
in a moderate oven.


